(base) ➜  application git:(sqlite1) ✗ python3 app.py     
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on, device is already on, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on, device is already on, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on, device is already on, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on, device is already on, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on, device is already on, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on, device is already on, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on, device is already on, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on, device is already on, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on, device is already on, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on, device is already on, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on, device is already on, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on, device is already on, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on, device is already on, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on, device is already on, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on, device is already on, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on, device is already on, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on, device is already on, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on, device is already on, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on, device is already on, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on, device is already on, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on, device is already on, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on, device is already on, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on, device is already on, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on, device is already on, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on, device is already on, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on, device is already on, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on, device is already on, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on, device is already on, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on, device is already on, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on, device is already on, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on, device is already on, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on, device is already on, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on, device is already on, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on, device is already on, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on, device is already on, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on, device is already on, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on, device is already on, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on, device is already on, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on, device is already on, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on, device is already on, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on, device is already on, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on, device is already on, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on, device is already on, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on, device is already on, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on, device is already on, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on, device is already on, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on, device is already on, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on, device is already on, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on, device is already on, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on, device is already on, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on, device is already on, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on, device is already on, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on, device is already on, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on, device is already on, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on, device is already on, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on, device is already on, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_off turning device off
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on Unable to turn device on, 
device is currently in a cool down stage
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on Unable to turn device on, 
device is currently in a cool down stage
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on Unable to turn device on, 
device is currently in a cool down stage
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on Unable to turn device on, 
device is currently in a cool down stage
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on Unable to turn device on, 
device is currently in a cool down stage
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on Unable to turn device on, 
device is currently in a cool down stage
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on Unable to turn device on, 
device is currently in a cool down stage
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on Unable to turn device on, 
device is currently in a cool down stage
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on Unable to turn device on, 
device is currently in a cool down stage
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on Unable to turn device on, 
device is currently in a cool down stage
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on Unable to turn device on, 
device is currently in a cool down stage
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on Unable to turn device on, 
device is currently in a cool down stage

WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on Unable to turn device on, 
device is currently in a cool down stage
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on Unable to turn device on, 
device is currently in a cool down stage
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on Unable to turn device on, 
device is currently in a cool down stage
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on Unable to turn device on, 
device is currently in a cool down stage
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on Unable to turn device on, 
device is currently in a cool down stage
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on Unable to turn device on, 
device is currently in a cool down stage
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on Unable to turn device on, 
device is currently in a cool down stage
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on Unable to turn device on, 
device is currently in a cool down stage
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on Unable to turn device on, 
device is currently in a cool down stage
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on Unable to turn device on, 
device is currently in a cool down stage
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on Unable to turn device on, 
device is currently in a cool down stage
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on Unable to turn device on, 
device is currently in a cool down stage
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on Unable to turn device on, 
device is currently in a cool down stage
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on Unable to turn device on, 
device is currently in a cool down stage
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on Unable to turn device on, 
device is currently in a cool down stage
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on Unable to turn device on, 
device is currently in a cool down stage
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on Unable to turn device on, 
device is currently in a cool down stage
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on turning device on
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on, device is already on, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on, device is already on, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on, device is already on, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on, device is already on, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on, device is already on, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on, device is already on, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on, device is already on, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on, device is already on, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on, device is already on, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on, device is already on, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on, device is already on, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on, device is already on, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on, device is already on, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on, device is already on, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on, device is already on, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on, device is already on, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on, device is already on, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on, device is already on, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on, device is already on, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on, device is already on, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on, device is already on, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on, device is already on, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on, device is already on, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on, device is already on, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on, device is already on, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on, device is already on, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on, device is already on, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on, device is already on, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on, device is already on, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on, device is already on, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on, device is already on, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on, device is already on, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on, device is already on, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on, device is already on, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on, device is already on, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on, device is already on, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on, device is already on, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on, device is already on, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on, device is already on, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on, device is already on, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on, device is already on, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on, device is already on, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on, device is already on, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on, device is already on, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on, device is already on, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on, device is already on, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on, device is already on, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on, device is already on, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on, device is already on, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on, device is already on, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on, device is already on, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on, device is already on, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on, device is already on, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on, device is already on, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on, device is already on, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on, device is already on, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on, device is already on, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on, device is already on, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on, device is already on, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on, device is already on, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on, device is already on, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on, device is already on, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on, device is already on, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on, device is already on, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on, device is already on, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on, device is already on, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on, device is already on, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on, device is already on, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on, device is already on, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on, device is already on, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on, device is already on, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on, device is already on, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on, device is already on, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on, device is already on, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on, device is already on, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on, device is already on, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on, device is already on, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_off turning device off
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on Unable to turn device on, 
device is currently in a cool down stage
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on Unable to turn device on, 
device is currently in a cool down stage
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on Unable to turn device on, 
device is currently in a cool down stage
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on Unable to turn device on, 
device is currently in a cool down stage
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on Unable to turn device on, 
device is currently in a cool down stage
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on Unable to turn device on, 
device is currently in a cool down stage
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on Unable to turn device on, 
device is currently in a cool down stage
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on Unable to turn device on, 
device is currently in a cool down stage
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on Unable to turn device on, 
device is currently in a cool down stage
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on Unable to turn device on, 
device is currently in a cool down stage
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on Unable to turn device on, 
device is currently in a cool down stage
WARNING:ThermoStatThread:ThermoStatThread::__check_heater_on_time Device's maximum on time has 
exceeded
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_off, device is already off, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on Unable to turn device on, 
device is currently in a cool down stage
WARNING:ThermoStatThread:ThermoStatThread::__check_heater_on_time Device's maximum on time has 
exceeded
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_off, device is already off, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on Unable to turn device on, 
device is currently in a cool down stage
WARNING:ThermoStatThread:ThermoStatThread::__check_heater_on_time Device's maximum on time has 
exceeded
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_off, device is already off, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on Unable to turn device on, 
device is currently in a cool down stage
WARNING:ThermoStatThread:ThermoStatThread::__check_heater_on_time Device's maximum on time has 
exceeded
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_off, device is already off, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on Unable to turn device on, 
device is currently in a cool down stage
WARNING:ThermoStatThread:ThermoStatThread::__check_heater_on_time Device's maximum on time has 
exceeded
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_off, device is already off, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on Unable to turn device on, 
device is currently in a cool down stage
WARNING:ThermoStatThread:ThermoStatThread::__check_heater_on_time Device's maximum on time has 
exceeded
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_off, device is already off, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on Unable to turn device on, 
device is currently in a cool down stage
WARNING:ThermoStatThread:ThermoStatThread::__check_heater_on_time Device's maximum on time has 
exceeded
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_off, device is already off, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on Unable to turn device on, 
device is currently in a cool down stage
WARNING:ThermoStatThread:ThermoStatThread::__check_heater_on_time Device's maximum on time has 
exceeded
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_off, device is already off, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on Unable to turn device on, 
device is currently in a cool down stage
WARNING:ThermoStatThread:ThermoStatThread::__check_heater_on_time Device's maximum on time has 
exceeded
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_off, device is already off, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on Unable to turn device on, 
device is currently in a cool down stage
WARNING:ThermoStatThread:ThermoStatThread::__check_heater_on_time Device's maximum on time has 
exceeded
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_off, device is already off, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on Unable to turn device on, 
device is currently in a cool down stage
WARNING:ThermoStatThread:ThermoStatThread::__check_heater_on_time Device's maximum on time has 
exceeded
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_off, device is already off, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on Unable to turn device on, 
device is currently in a cool down stage
WARNING:ThermoStatThread:ThermoStatThread::__check_heater_on_time Device's maximum on time has 
exceeded
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_off, device is already off, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on Unable to turn device on, 
device is currently in a cool down stage
WARNING:ThermoStatThread:ThermoStatThread::__check_heater_on_time Device's maximum on time has 
exceeded
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_off, device is already off, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on Unable to turn device on, 
device is currently in a cool down stage
WARNING:ThermoStatThread:ThermoStatThread::__check_heater_on_time Device's maximum on time has 
exceeded
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_off, device is already off, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on Unable to turn device on, 
device is currently in a cool down stage
WARNING:ThermoStatThread:ThermoStatThread::__check_heater_on_time Device's maximum on time has 
exceeded
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_off, device is already off, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on Unable to turn device on, 
device is currently in a cool down stage
WARNING:ThermoStatThread:ThermoStatThread::__check_heater_on_time Device's maximum on time has 
exceeded
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_off, device is already off, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on Unable to turn device on, 
device is currently in a cool down stage
WARNING:ThermoStatThread:ThermoStatThread::__check_heater_on_time Device's maximum on time has 
exceeded
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_off, device is already off, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on Unable to turn device on, 
device is currently in a cool down stage
WARNING:ThermoStatThread:ThermoStatThread::__check_heater_on_time Device's maximum on time has 
exceeded
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_off, device is already off, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on Unable to turn device on, 
device is currently in a cool down stage
WARNING:ThermoStatThread:ThermoStatThread::__check_heater_on_time Device's maximum on time has 
exceeded
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_off, device is already off, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on turning device on
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on, device is already on, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on, device is already on, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on, device is already on, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on, device is already on, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on, device is already on, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on, device is already on, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on, device is already on, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on, device is already on, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on, device is already on, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on, device is already on, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on, device is already on, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on, device is already on, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on, device is already on, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on, device is already on, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on, device is already on, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on, device is already on, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on, device is already on, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on, device is already on, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on, device is already on, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on, device is already on, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on, device is already on, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on, device is already on, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on, device is already on, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on, device is already on, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on, device is already on, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on, device is already on, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on, device is already on, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on, device is already on, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on, device is already on, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on, device is already on, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on, device is already on, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on, device is already on, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on, device is already on, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on, device is already on, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on, device is already on, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on, device is already on, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on, device is already on, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on, device is already on, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on, device is already on, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on, device is already on, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on, device is already on, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on, device is already on, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on, device is already on, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on, device is already on, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on, device is already on, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on, device is already on, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on, device is already on, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on, device is already on, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on, device is already on, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on, device is already on, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on, device is already on, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on, device is already on, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on, device is already on, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on, device is already on, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on, device is already on, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on, device is already on, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on, device is already on, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on, device is already on, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on, device is already on, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on, device is already on, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on, device is already on, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on, device is already on, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on, device is already on, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on, device is already on, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on, device is already on, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on, device is already on, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on, device is already on, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on, device is already on, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on, device is already on, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on, device is already on, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on, device is already on, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on, device is already on, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on, device is already on, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on, device is already on, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on, device is already on, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on, device is already on, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on, device is already on, 
nothing to do here
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_off turning device off
WARNING:apis.PowerControlGateKeeper:PowerControlGateKeeper::turn_on Unable to turn device on, 
device is currently in a cool down stage
^CTraceback (most recent call last):
  File "/Users/reazrahman/Documents/college_works/cs521/final_project/application/app.py", line 
33, in <module>
    sensor_thread.join()
  File "/Users/reazrahman/anaconda3/lib/python3.11/threading.py", line 1112, in join
    self._wait_for_tstate_lock()
  File "/Users/reazrahman/anaconda3/lib/python3.11/threading.py", line 1132, in 
_wait_for_tstate_lock
    if lock.acquire(block, timeout):
       ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
KeyboardInterrupt
^CException ignored in: <module 'threading' from 
'/Users/reazrahman/anaconda3/lib/python3.11/threading.py'>
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "/Users/reazrahman/anaconda3/lib/python3.11/threading.py", line 1583, in _shutdown
    lock.acquire()
KeyboardInterrupt: 

(base) ➜  application git:(sqlite1) ✗ 

